Add Proxy Page in Learn Section (#123)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: learn/tanssi/proxy-accounts.md

---

> title: Setup and Manage Proxy Accounts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Set Up and Manage Proxy Accounts
```

description: Follow these step-by-step instructions to learn how proxies work and how to create, view, update, and remove proxy accounts from primary (proxied) accounts.
---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The deposit is calculated based on a deposit base and a deposit factor:

- **Deposit base** - the amount to be reserved for an account to have a proxy list
- **Deposit factor** - the additional amount to be reserved for every proxy the primary account has

The equation for calculating the deposit is:

```text
deposit base + deposit factor * number of proxies
```

You can find each of the relevant variables for the Dancebox TestNet below. Note that these values are subject to change for Tanssi MainNet.

|    Variable    |                       Value                        |
|:--------------:|:--------------------------------------------------:|
|  Deposit base  |  {{ networks.dancebox.proxy.deposit_base }} DANCE  |
| Deposit factor | {{ networks.dancebox.proxy.deposit_factor }} DANCE |
|  Max proxies   | {{ networks.dancebox.proxy.max_proxies }} proxies  |

## Proxy Types {: #proxy-types }

When creating a proxy account, you must choose a type of proxy that will define how the proxy can be used. The available options are:

> - **`Any`** - allows the proxy account to use any function supported by the proxy pallet. There is no filtering of calls.

Reviewer: Although governance isn't a thing yet, there is still a governance proxy and it is shown on polkadot.js apps as an option. So we should at least add it here, but mention that it's disabled since there is no governance yet

> - **`Any`** - allows the proxy account to use any function supported by the proxy pallet. There is no filtering of calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`Any`** - allows the proxy account to use any function supported by the proxy pallet. There is no filtering of calls
```

- **`CancelProxy`** - allows the proxy account to reject and remove any announced proxy calls

> - **`Staking`** - allows the proxy account to perform staking-related transactions, such as block producer and `authorMapping()` functions 

Reviewer: It's not `authorMapping` in Tanssi; it's `session`

## Creating a Proxy Account {: #creating-a-proxy-account }

There are a couple of ways you can create proxy accounts in [Polkadot.js Apps](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Ffraa-dancebox-rpc.a.dancebox.tanssi.network#/accounts){target=\_blank}, either from the **Extrinsics** page or the **Accounts** page. However, to create a time-delayed proxy, you will need to use the **Extrinsics** page. A time delay provides an additional layer of security to proxies by specifying a delay period based on the number of blocks. This will prevent the proxy account from executing a transaction until the delay period ends. The delay allows time for the primary account that controls the proxy to review pending transactions, potentially for malicious actions, and cancel if necessary before execution.

> You also have the option of creating a proxy of type **Any** which grants the proxy account full and unrestricted control over the primary account. This means that the proxy account can transfer funds, and perform any arbitrary action. The following demo will showcase configuring a **Balances** proxy, which is more restrictive than a proxy of type **Any**, but allows for transferring funds, which makes it perfect for demonstration purposes. After configuring your **Balances** proxy you can try transferring funds from the primary account via proxy. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following demo will showcase configuring a Balances proxy, which allows for transferring funds, making it perfect for demonstration purposes. After configuring your Balances proxy you can try transferring funds from the primary account via proxy. 
```

Some of this seems out of place here, as the previous section defines what an Any proxy type does

A pop-up will appear where you can see an overview of all of your proxy accounts.

![Review your proxy accounts.](/images/learn/tanssi/proxy/proxy-7.webp)

## Executing a Proxy Transaction {: #executing-a-proxy-transaction }

Now that you have created a proxy account and verified that it was successfully set up, you can execute a transaction using the proxy account on behalf of the primary account.

To execute a transaction, you can navigate back to the [**Extrinsics** page](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/?rpc=wss%3A%2F%2Ffraa-dancebox-rpc.a.dancebox.tanssi.network#/extrinsics){target=\_blank} and take the following steps:

1. Select the proxy account to submit the transaction from the **using the select account** dropdown
2. From the **submit the following extrinsic** menu, select **proxy**
3. Choose the **proxy** extrinsic
4. Choose **Id** from the **AccountIdLookupOf** dropdown
5. Select the primary account from the **real** dropdown
6. Select the **balances** call
7. Choose the **transferKeepAlive** extrinsic
8. Choose **Id** from the **AccountIdLookupOf** dropdown
9. In the **dest** field, enter the address you would like to send funds to

> 10. In the **value** field, enter the amount of Dancebox tokens to send. For this example, you can send `2` Dancebox tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. In the **value** field, enter the amount of Dancebox tokens to send. For this example, you can send `2` Dancebox tokens
```
